=Ancient Bracelet=
=Episode 13=
=Be Mine=
(I didn't die.)
(I've lived again.)
(Why am I here?)
(Yan Manor · Winter, Year 5 of Yuanqi)
(The clan is all gone.)
(Whose wedding could it be?)
Zhaoli,
I've brought you the wedding attire.
Hurry and see if it fits.
(Che?)
Why step outside dressed so thinly?
You've just recovered.
You must take care of yourself.
Che,
you're still alive.
If I had died,
who'd marry you?
Still half-asleep, aren't you?
Where's Grandmother?
Is Grandmother still alive?
Grandmother?
Zhaoli.
I've mended your phoenix hairpin.
Zhaoli,
go...
Silly child.
Your wedding is tomorrow.
Already reluctant to leave me?
(They're all still alive.)
(That's wonderful.)
(Everything that happened before...)
Che,
what year is it now?
Year 5 of Yuanqi.
(Year 5 of Yuanqi.)
(I've gone back three months.)
(At this point,)
(I've saved Ying Du.)
(But Yan Che hasn't returned.)
(And I haven't married him.)
(Has everything changed)
(because I was reborn?)
Zhaoli,
the ruler just sent someone for you.
Things between him and me
are tense right now.
I'm afraid he might trouble you
because of it.
(No, I must not see him again.)
Che,
help me decline the ruler's summons.
I'm going out for some air.
Probably feeling shy.
Let her have some quiet time alone.
It's fine.
(This life has taken
a completely different turn.)
(Would Ying Du still retain
those memories?)
(Ying Du...)
(Thank heavens.)
(Not that tyrant.)
How dare you defy my summons?
How bold of you.
Let go of me!
I saved your life once.
We're even now.
Let go of me!
Let me go!
I heard you're to marry Yan Che.
Do you know we've never seen eye to eye?
Since you once saved me,
allow me to show you a better path.
Be mine.
That's better than becoming a widow.
Who'd ever want to be yours?
Let go!
Never!
(It seems he's lost all memories.)
(I can't get entangled with him again.)
Can't you see I'm in a wedding dress?
Che and I have been betrothed
since childhood.
I will only be his honey.
Your taste in men
is truly beyond terrible.
Let go of me.
This wedding robe is such an eyesore.
Take it off.
You must be out of your mind.
Let go.
(Everlasting Joy)
Let go of me.
Your Majesty,
I have matters to report.
My husband is here.
You'd better release me now.
Husband?
That's so close.
Yes.
Che and I will wed tomorrow.
Do you mean to take
another man's wife, Your Majesty?
So what if I do?
This marriage will never happen.
You are shameless!
When you finally see
that the one you trust with your life
is the one who hurt you most,
the most wicked of them all,
you'll come to thank me.
But right now,
the so-called villain you speak of
has never harmed me in the slightest.
The one who brought me pain
is you alone.
Since you trust him so deeply,
let's just see
if he will truly protect you.
Let go of me!
Let me go!
Your Majesty,
this is urgent.
(Everlasting Joy)
Please, grant an audience.
Enter.
Shouldn't you be preparing
for your wedding?
What matter could be so urgent?
Your Majesty,
have you seen my wife?
You lost your wife;
why come here looking for her?
You've become increasingly insolent.
Leave!
(Everlasting Joy)
You've gone too far.
Do you mean to kill me?
Yes.
I'd kill you a million times if I could.
You've harmed the ruler's body.
Do you realize what that means?
Right.
You can heal yourself.
Then why humiliate me like this?
It can heal on its own,
but I don't want that.
If you can't tend to my wound in time,
then your Che
will die.
You're the ruler.
Is all you can do
to throw your weight around?
You can come to get
to know me slowly later.
If you wish to leave,
be good and apply the medicine.
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪One more glance may let love♪
♪Stand still♪